docs: add more DevOps docs (#322)
apache/cloudberry-site: docs/sys-admin/expand-cluster/prepare-and-add-hosts.md

3. [To exchange SSH keys as the gpadmin user](#to-exchange-ssh-keys-as-the-gpadmin-user)

:::note
The Apache Cloudberry segment host naming convention is `sdwN` where `sdw` is a prefix and `N` is an integer ( `sdw1`, `sdw2` and so on). For hosts with multiple interfaces, the convention is to append a dash (`-`) and number to the host name. For example, `sdw1-1` and `sdw1-2` are the two interface names for host `sdw1`.
:::

### To exchange SSH keys as root

1. Create a host file with the existing host names in your array and a separate host file with the new expansion host names. For existing hosts, you can use the same host file used to set up SSH keys in the system. In the files, list all hosts (coordinator, backup coordinator, and segment hosts) with one name per line and no extra lines or spaces. Exchange SSH keys using the configured host names for a given host if you use a multi-NIC configuration. In this example, `cdw` is configured with a single NIC, and `sdw1`, `sdw2`, and `sdw3` are configured with 4 NICs:

    ```
    cdw
    sdw1-1
    sdw1-2
    sdw1-3
    sdw1-4
    sdw2-1
    sdw2-2
    sdw2-3
    sdw2-4
    sdw3-1
    sdw3-2
    sdw3-3
    sdw3-4
    ```

> 2. Log in as `root` on the coordinator host, and source the `greenplum_path.sh` file from your Cloudberry installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in as `root` on the coordinator host, and source the `cloudberry-env.sh` file from your Cloudberry installation.
```

Reviewer: For the main branch, the file name has been updated. Fox 2.1, we can still use the old one. FYI.
